Tinfoil Integration Page (#2)
rommapp/wiki: romm.wiki/Tinfoil-Integration.md

This will help you configure Tinfoil integration for your switch to work with your RomM Library.

- What in Tinfoil?
- Prepare
- Configure 
- Additional

> - Enjoy!

Reviewer: these should be links, like a table of contents

## What is [Tinfoil](https://tinfoil.io/)? 
<img src="https://cdn2.steamgriddb.com/icon_thumb/1178cf1b6a47d41fc664b7d97e305840.png" alt="drawing" width="200"/>

Glad you asked!

> Tinfoil is an applet that is installed directly to a "modded" Nintendo Switch. The application will let you connect to something called "shops". Shops are basically a hosted resource that will you stream and install certain formatted files directly to your Nintendo Switch!

Reviewer: remove this entire section, i don't want nintendo to sue us lol
instead just link to it in the first sentence like

```
This will help you configure the [Tinfoil](https://tinfoil.io/) integration for your Switch to work with your RomM library.
```

## Prepare

Please note down the following in order to make this as smooth as possible, as well as some pre-reqs:

> * RomM Updated to [RomM 3.5.0](https://github.com/rommapp/romm/releases/tag/3.5.0)
> * Add `DISABLE_DOWNLOAD_ENDPOINT_AUTH=true` to your docker compose and restart the containers.
> * URL Used to access RomM
> 	* This can either be http or https - The system will prefer local access though to avoid reverse proxy issues.
> * Feed URL: `/api/tinfoil/feed`
> * Authentication details used to login to the Main RomM Instance. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* RomM updated to at least [3.5.0](https://github.com/rommapp/romm/releases/tag/3.5.0)
* Add `DISABLE_DOWNLOAD_ENDPOINT_AUTH=true` to your environment variables and restart the container
* The URL you use to access RomM
	* This can either be http or https
	* The system will prefer local access though to avoid reverse proxy issues
* Feed URL: `/api/tinfoil/feed`
* The username and password you use to login to RomM
```

## Configure 

Now it's time to configure your switch - Please follow the steps, this will assume you have Tinfoil installed and know how to use the basic functions of it.

1. Open Tinfoil and go to File Browser
2. Scroll over to the selection and press - in order to access the new menu.
3. Enter these Options
	- Protocol - Http or https depending on your connection
	- Host - Host of your RomM instance
	- Port - Port of your RomM Instance
	- Path - /api/tinfoil/feed
	- Username - Username of your RomM instance 
	- Password - Password of your RomM instance 
	- Title - Free text title, make it whatever you want.
	- Enabled - Yes
4. Press X to save 
5. Now close out of Tinfoil and go back in, so it can scan the TitleIDs - if everything is correct you will have this custom motd:
" RomM Swithc Library"

Now you will be able to see the files in "New Games" tab of Tinfoil OR you can access it within the "File Browser" section that you setup earlier.

> ![Image of Tinfoil](https://github.com/rommapp/wiki/blob/tinfoil-switch-inter/romm.wiki/resources/tinfoilscreen.jpg)

Reviewer: these won't work when merged, you'll want something like `./romm.wiki/resources/...`
